Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in the last lecture we used the if if else chain.
And it's only appropriate to use this chain when you just need one test to pass when Piven finds one
task that passes in your if.
Elif.
Else chain it skips the rest.
But sometimes you'll need to check all of the conditions of interest when you need to do this.
You can use a series of IF statements.
This makes sense when more than one condition can and must be true.
So let's look at an example.
So let's first create a list.
OK we're going to create a list called booking details.
That's always open with square brackets.
I'm going to give it the first value of Tony.
This is a book in detail for a sentiment.
Let's go.
Miller wrote.
Because I like sitting in the middle rope and we are going to be watching this film in a screen to OK
perfect.
And let's close off our list with a square bracket not a curly bracket no.
So if Tony in booking details
will come to you in the cinema.
OK good stuff.
Next if Middleboro
in booking details
we don't print your seat number is 0 1 0 in the middle row.
Perfect So I think you get an idea of what we're doing here and there's nothing I closed out with that.
There we go.
And final final if Death Screen two in booking the towns
print
your film is in screen too and let's close it up.
There we go.
So we start off a list containing our users booking details the first IF statement checks to see if
the person collecting the ticket is the person who booked it online.
If so a message is printed welcoming them and our test continue our next if statement checks to see
if the middle row was booked by the same user.
If so our program continues the next test I would then check to make sure that the screen the box screen
to is in our booking details so what we're doing here is we're checking all the details in our booking
details list.
I confirm during our test and each time they are confirmed.
Our program continues the next test and so on and so on.
So let's run this and see how it looks.
Us we save and then we run walk me to the cinema.
Your seat number 0 1 0 in the middle row your film is in screen too perfect.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.